hey how's it going Dave 2d here so the
Alienware 17 has always been a pretty
powerful gaming laptop and you can get
some really good configurations for like
fifteen sixteen hundred dollars this is
a little bit different this is their
most powerful system they've ever had
this is codenamed the baller
configuration it's decked out it's got
the i-9 8950 HK so that new six core cpu
that can clock up to five gigahertz it's
got a GTX 1080 that's running slightly
overclocked it has 32 gigs of RAM
a ton of storage it's ridiculous it's
the most packed configuration it's
expensive but good God it is powerful so
the thing that makes this thing special
is the CPU it's incredibly fast even at
stock so CPU dependent apps and games
will just fly on this thing see if you
dependent anything will perform really
well the GTX 1080 in here complements
the CPU really nicely if you're doing
have your video edits or 3d work or any
kind of thing that's graphically intense
this laptop can crush it but it does
specialize in gaming the frame rates I
was getting from this machine were just
incredible really good looking graphics
really smooth frame rates this thing
just delivers now the screen on here is
actually one of the more unique screens
I've seen on a 17-inch gaming laptop so
a lot of devices with big screens will
have 1080p with high refresh and stuff
like that this is a 1440p 120 hertz
g-sync panel and games just look
incredible on it it's super smooth and
super sharp at the same time so it's
brighter than your average panel and
it's also pretty color accurate if you
want to use your laptop for photo or
video work
it is a TN panel but unlike the vast
majority of garbage TN panels out there
this one's really good it's actually the
best screen that Alienware makes and i
think it's actually better than a lot of
their IPS panels it's definitely the
best screen that's available on the
Alienware 17 it's a really good panel ok
the cpu in here 6 core very powerful but
this one has the ability to be
overclocked to 5 gigahertz which in
theory is awesome but I couldn't get it
to maintain at that boost clock so I
could get it to run at full tilt at
stock speeds the vapor chamber they're
using is doing a good job and even at
4.8 gigahertz it was not bad but at 5
gigahertz it gets dicey there is some
very noticeable spiking in the clock
speed the thing is that's a really big
overclock for a laptop at stock speeds
I'm pretty happy considering what this
thing is able to push out if you wanted
to though if you really really wanted to
you probably paced it around some liquid
and get some even better thermals but
I'm happy with what this thing comes
with at stock and the fan knows when
it's being pushed isn't even that loud
it also has Toby eye tracking so there's
some cameras down here that'll track
what you're looking at and you can use
it for controls and the technology is
cool the idea is cool but it's still a
very niche product to me so all the
other good stuff that comes with
Alienware comes on this laptop as well
very well built it's probably the best
built 17 inch laptop that I've used this
year it's built like a tank the chassis
remains the same but they have this new
black color it's kind of like a stealth
look I've always liked the alien or grey
but there's nothing but this all blocked
murdered-out version that I find pretty
cool the ports also have not changed
it's running four USB slots two of them
which are type C and there's also no SD
slot so keep that in mind you get easy
accessibility inside you have two RAM
slots the four drives and the Wi-Fi card
you also get a great keyboard it's
pretty unique it's not mechanical but
it's a very plush travel and it's very
gamer friendly the layout does take some
time to get used to especially with the
macro keys so close on the left but yeah
once you get used to it you'll enjoy
this keyboard the speakers on the
Alienware devices are always good
the a llamar 17 has the best speakers of
the bunch they're loud they're well
positioned and it's got a good bass
Alienware laptops have some of the best
exterior lighting in the business it's
got the light-up trackpad the really
cool side lighting the alien head they
do a really good job at it that being
said I think that their interior
lighting like the keyboard lighting is
starting to show its age see Alienware
was one of the first companies out there
to put RGB lighting on the keyboard it
looked really cool at the time but now
like years later everybody's got
individually lit keys these guys are
still using zoned lighting and just on a
flagship device like this their keyboard
lighting isn't that impressive the
trackpad they have also isn't a Windows
precision one it's running synaptic
drivers they've always been okay the
touchpad tracking was never bad or
anything but the gesture detection on
synaptic software isn't good the
dedicated buttons are nice though and
that light up surface always looks cool
now the battery life is short I was
expecting it to be short because it's a
17 inch screen it's running g-sync so
there's no optimus and the battery is
limited to just 99 watt hours it's a big
battery but it's a big laptop and with
everything off like led off Tobey
eye-tracking off I'm getting around four
hours of battery life
it's not terrible but it kind of limits
the ability to use this thing all day
without the charger the charger is also
really big 330 watts it's a brick but
you do need something like that to juice
this system because it's a very very
powerful laptop now obviously this isn't
for everyone if you're a student and you
have like four classes a day on campus
you're not going to be bringing this
thing around it's very thick it's very
heavy but if you're looking for one of
the most powerful systems you can get
right now check this thing out because
it is a beast okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs if you liked it subs
of you loves it I'll see you guys next
time